Formate assay in body fluids: application in methanol poisoning.
Delineation of the intimate details of the backbone conformation of pyridine nucleotide coenzymes in aqueous solution.
Metal substitutions incarbonic anhydrase: a halide ion probe study.
Effect of chloroquine on cultured fibroblasts: release of lysosomal hydrolases and inhibition of their uptake.
Atomic models for the polypeptide backbones of myohemerythrin and hemerythrin.
Studies of oxygen binding energy to hemoglobin molecule.
Maturation of the adrenal medulla--IV. Effects of morphine.
Comparison between procaine and isocarboxazid metabolism in vitro by a liver microsomal amidase-esterase.
Radiochemical assay of glutathione S-epoxide transferase and its enhancement by phenobarbital in rat liver in vivo.
Digitoxin metabolism by rat liver microsomes.
Identification of adenylate cyclase-coupled beta-adrenergic receptors with radiolabeled beta-adrenergic antagonists.
The effect of adrenaline and of alpha- and beta-adrenergic blocking agents on ATP concentration and on incorporation of 32Pi into ATP in rat fat cells.
Action of propranolol on mitochondrial functions--effects on energized ion fluxes in the presence of valinomycin.
Malathion A and B esterases of mouse liver-I.
Increase in acetyl CoA synthetase activity after phenobarbital treatment.
Inhibition of aldehyde reductase by acidic metabolites of the biogenic amines.
Effects of 5,6-dihydroxytryptamine on tyrosine-hydroxylase activity in central catecholaminergic neurons of the rat.
Inhibition of aldehyde reductase isoenzymes in human and rat brain.
Antidepressant drugs affect dopamine uptake.
Aggregation of blood platelets by adrenaline and its uptake.
[Biochemical studies on camomile components/III. In vitro studies about the antipeptic activity of (--)-alpha-bisabolol (author''s transl)].
[Demonstration of tumor inhibiting properties of a strongly immunostimulating low-molecular weight substance. Comparative studies with ifosfamide on the immuno-labile DS carcinosarcoma. Stimulation of the autoimmune activity for approx. 20 days by BA 1, a N-(2-cyanoethylene)-urea. Novel prophylactic possibilities].
Effect of etafenone on total and regional myocardial blood flow.
Influence of a new virostatic compound on the induction of enzymes in rat liver.
Pharmacological properties of new neuroleptic compounds.
[Studies on the action of an anticholinergic agent in combination with a tranquilizer on gastric juice secretion in man].
Editorial: "Old lamps for new".
Letter: Duration of action of AH8165.
Lorazepam in sexual disorders.
Lysosomal hydrolases of the epidermis. I. Glycosidases.
Lysosomal hydrolases of the epidermis. 2. Ester hydrolases.
A serum haemagglutinating property dependent upon polycarboxyl groups.
Effect of human erythrocyte stromata on complement activation.
Determinants of intracellular pH in the erythrocyte.
The effect of o-salicylate upon pentose phosphate pathway activity in normal and G6PD-deficient red cells.
The effects of processing of barley-based supplements on rumen pH, rate of digestion of voluntary intake of dried grass in sheep.
Poly(8-aminoguanylic acid): formation of ordered self-structures and interaction with poly(cytidylic acid).
Effect of pH on substrate and inhibitor kinetic constants of human liver alanine aminopeptidase. Evidence for two ionizable active center groups.
Formation of transient complexes in the glutamate dehydrogenase catalyzed reaction.
Human brain and placental choline acetyltransferase: purification and properties.
Stabilization of the globular structure of ferricytochrome c by chloride in acidic solvents.
A competitive labeling method for the determination of the chemical properties of solitary functional groups in proteins.
Modification of arginine and lysine in proteins with 2,4-pentanedione.
The origin of the alkaline inactivation of pepsinogen.
Bovine liver dihydrofolate reductase: purification and properties of the enzyme.
Purification and properties of Escherichia coli dihydrofolate reductase.
The influence of pH on the interaction of inhibitors with triosephosphate isomerase and determination of the pKa of the active-site carboxyl group.
Monoanion inhibition and 35Cl nuclear magnetic resonance studies of renal dipeptidase.
The interaction of bovine erythrocyte superoxide dismutase with hydrogen peroxide: inactivation of the enzyme.
Circular dichroism and fluorescence studies of homogeneous antibodies to type III pneumococcal polysaccharide.
Conformational changes induced in a homogeneous anti-type III pneumococcal antibody by oligosaccharides of increasing size.
Evidence of the involvement of a 50S ribosomal protein in several active sites.
The interaction of phospholipase A2 with micellar interfaces. The role of the N-terminal region.
Phospholipase A2 as a probe of phospholipid distribution in erythrocyte membranes. Factors influencing the apparent specificity of the reaction.
Subunit interactions in yeast glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase.
Kinetic light scattering studies on the dissociation of hemoglobin from Lumbricus terrestris.
The reversible reduction of horse metmyoglobin by the iron(II) complex of trans-1,2-diaminocyclohexane-N,N,N,n-tetraacetate.
Constitution and properties of axonal membranes of crustacean nerves.
Regulation of nitrogen fixation. Nitrogenase-derepressed mutants of Klebsiella pneumoniae.
The reaction between the superoxide anion radical and cytochrome c.
Identification of the 120 mus phase in the decay of delayed fluorescence in spinach chloroplasts and subchloroplast particles as the intrinsic back reaction. The dependence of the level of this phase on the thylakoids internal pH.
Light-induced changes of absorbance and electron spin resonance in small photosystem II particles.
Enzymic reactions of fatty acid hydroperoxides in extracts of potato tuber. II. Conversion of 9- and 13-hydroperoxy-octadecadienoic acids to monohydroxydienoic acid, epoxyhydroxy- and trihydroxymonoenoic acid derivatives.
Partial purification and properties of microsomal phosphatidate phosphohydrolase from rat liver.
Bile acids. XLVII. 12alpha-Hydroxylation of precursors of allo bile acids by rabbit liver microsomes.
Partial purification and properties of a phenobarbital-induced aldehyde dehydrogenase of rat liver.
Cholinesterases from plant tissues. VI. Preliminary characterization of enzymes from Solanum melongena L. and Zea mays L.
Behavior of soluble and immobilized acid phosphatase in hydro-organic media.
Purification and some enzymatic properties of the chitosanase from Bacillus R-4 which lyses Rhizopus cell walls.
Specificity studies on alpha-mannosidases using oligosaccharides from mannosidosis urine as substrates.
Calcium-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase in the microsomal fraction of tooth germ from porcine fetus.
Preparation and characterization of an enzymatically active immobilized derivative of myosin.
Radioactive labeling and location of specific thiol groups in myosin from fast, slow and cardiac muscles.
Yeast glutathione reductase. Studies of the kinetics and stability of the enzyme as a function of pH and salt concentration.
Characteristics of the dephosphorylated form of phosphorylase purified from rat liver and measurement of its activity in crude liver preparations.
Multiple forms of casein kinase from rabbit erythrocytes.
Kinetic studies and effects of anions on creatine phosphokinase from skeletal muscle of rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta).
Studies on rat renal cortical cell kallikrein. I. Separation and measurement.
Studies on electron transfer between mercury electrode and hemoprotein.
The binding of organic phosphates to human methaemoglobin A. Perturbation of the polymerization of proteins by effectors.
N-terminal spin label studies of hemoglobin, Ligand and pH dependence.
The behavior of holo- and apo-forms of bovine superoxide dismutase at low pH.
Mechanical precipitation of hemoglobin köln.
Physical properties and subunits of Haemopis grandis erythrocruorin.
Myosin from arterial smooth muscle: isolation following actin depolymerization.
Hybrids of chemical derivatives of Escherichia coli alkaline phosphatase.
Some physicochemical properties of hemoglobin-manitoba (alpha2 102Ser replaced by Arg (G9) beta2).
The oxygen affinity of haemoglobin Tak, a variant with an elongated beta chain.
Effects of membrane ribonuclease and 3''-nucleotidase on the digestion of polyuridylic acid by rat liver plasma membrane.
Alterations in phospholipid-dependent (Na+ +K+)-ATPase activity due to lipid fluidity. Effects of cholesterol and Mg2+.
Conformational and molecular responses to pH variation of the purified membrane adenosine triphosphatase of Micrococcus lysodeikticus.
Membrane-bound enzymes. III. Protease activity in leucocytes in relation to erythrocyte membranes.
[Structure formation in interphase adsorption layers of lysozyme at liquid boundaries].
[Relation between fluorescence and circular dichroism of the complex of the fluorescence probe 4-dimethylaminochalcone with serum albumin].
[Luminescence study of the effect of temperature on the conformational state of fibrinogen].
Polymer concentration dependence of the helix to random coil transition of a charged polypeptide in aqueous salt solution.
Hydrogen peroxide and iron: a microbial cellulolytic system?
Microbial sources of cellulase.
Mannosidosis: clinical and biochemical findings.
Bovine mannosidosis--a model lysosomal storage disease.
Ehlers-Danlos type V (X-linked form): a lysyl oxidase deficiency.
Urinary alpha-L-fucosidase.
[Combined effects of hypoxia and hypercapnia on the functional state of the respiratory center].
[Level of nicotinamide coenzymes in the liver and myocardium of rats poisoned with dichlorethane].
[Effect of carbidine on conditioned defense reflexes].
[Level of nicotinamide coenzymes in the myocardium of rats during the effects of methylxanthines (theophylline, theobromine, caffeine) and catecholamines].
Potable water quality in rural Georgetown County.
Symposium on malaria research.
6th International Symposium on Maritime Medicine 1974.
Polypsychopharmacy.
[Oxygen affinity of haemoglobin (author''s transl)].
PH changes on the surface of burns.
Proceedings: The effects of glucagon on the hepatic arterial vasculature of the dog: an inhibition of the effects of vasoconstrictor agents.
Proceedings: Central hypertensive action of histamine in rats.
Proceedings: Response of identified ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus neurons to putative neurotransmitters applied by microiontophoresis.
Proceedings: The mechanism of "adrenaline reversal" in the anaesthetized cat and rabbit.
Proceedings: Is ATP an inhibitory neurotransmitter in the rat stomach.
Proceedings: Comparison of the effects of selective alpha and beta-receptor agonists on intracellular cyclic AMP levels and glycogen phosphorylase activity in guinea-pig liver.
Proceedings: The role of dopamine in rotational behaviour produced by unilateral lesions of the locus coeruleus.
Proceedings: Do anti-psychotic drugs act by dopamine receptor blockade in the nucleus accumbens.
Proceedings: Evaluation of narcotic and narcotic antagonist analgesic drugs in the dog dental pulp stimulation test.
Meso-appendicular testis.
The importance of an innervated and intact antrum and pylorus in preventing postoperative duodenogastric reflux and gastritis.
Haemoglobin Rahere (beta Lys-Thr): A new high affinity haemoglobin associated with decreased 2, 3-diphosphoglycerate binding and relative polycythaemia.
Endoscopic papillotomy and removal of gall stones.
Phobias complicating treatment of uterine carcinoma.
Editorial: Childhood poisoning: prevention and first-aid management.
Inhibitory postsynaptic actions of taurine, GABA and other amino acids on motoneurons of the isolated frog spinal cord.
The involvement of lysophosphoglycerides in neurotransmitter release; the composition and turnover of phospholipids of synaptic vesicles of guinea-pig cerebral cortex and Torpedo electric organ and the effect of stimulation.
Uptake of radiolabeled glucose analogues by organotypic pia arachnoid cultures.
Processing of tRNA precursors in higher organisms.
Cardiac output response to altered acid-base status during diethyl ether anaesthesia.
The prevention of autolysis of stored cornea using steroid as a lysosome membrane stabilizer.
Respiratory effects of H+ and dinitrophenol injections into the brain stem subarachnoid space of fetal lambs.
Soil fungistasis: elevation of the exogenous carbon and nitrogen requirements for spore germination by fungistatic volatiles in soils.
Nitrofurazone-reducing enzymes in E. coli and their role in drug activation in vivo.
Enzymatic hydrolysis of agar: purification and characterization of neoagarobiose hydrolase and p-nitrophenyl alpha-galactoside hydrolase.
Temperature and pH optima for 21 species of thermophilic and thermotolerant fungi.
Physiological differences among isolates of Phytophthora cinnamomi.
Regulation and properties of an invertase from Clostridium pasteurianum.
Characterization studies on the membrane-bound adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) of Azotobacter vinelandii.
Effects of zinc-smelter emissions on forest soil microflora.
alpha-Naphthoflavone activation of 6-hydroxymethylbenzo(alpha)pyrene synthetase.
Isolation and characterization of an unsubstituted 2,3-unsaturated sugar, trans-2,3-dideoxy-D-glycero-pent-2-enose, produced by thermal dehydration of 2-deoxy-D-erythro-pentose.
Prophylactic antiarrhythmic drug therapy in acute myocardial infarction.
[Influence of beta-blocking agents on experimental atherosclerosis of cocks (author''s transl)].
Cytotoxic interaction between gorgonian explants: mode of action.
The effects of the continuous administration of N,N-dimethyl-4-phenylazoaniline (DAB) on the activities and the inducibilities of some drug-metabolizing enzymes in rat liver.
Some characteristics of two azoreductase systems in rat liver. Relevance to the activity of 2-[4''-di(2"-bromopropyl)-aminophenylazo]benzoic acid (CB10-252), a compound possessing latent cytotoxic activity.
Mercury inhibition of avian fatty acid synthetase complex.
[Basic phospholipase of Naja nigricollis venom].
[Spontaneous mortality and vascular lesions in 3 rat strains with different blood pressure levels].
Effects of decreasing arterial blood pressure on cerebral blood flow in the baboon. Influence of the sympathetic nervous system.
Influence of hematocrit, blood gas tensions, and pH on pressure-flow relations in the isolated canine lung.
Interaction of the chemoreflex and the pulmonary inflation reflex in the regulation of coronary circulation in conscious dogs.
Effect of coronary blood flow on glycolytic flux and intracellular pH in isolated rat hearts.
Mechanisms of glycolytic inhibition in ischemic rat hearts.
Comparison of contractile performance of canine atrial and ventricular muscles.
Serum lactate dehydrogenase activity ratios with different substrates.
Fluorometric assay for N-acetylprocainamide.
Rapid kinetic measurement of lactate in plasma with a centrifugal analyzer.
Improved high-resolution high-voltage paper electrophoresis system for use in screening for aminoacidopathies.
Measurement of total alkaline phosphatase activity in human serum.
Problems associated with the determination of arylsulfatase A and B using nitrocatechol sulfate substrate.
A clinical method for the determination of serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase.
[Inborn error of glycolipid metabolism].
Treatment of renal hypertension.
Effects of graded infusions of monomethylmethacrylate on coagulation, blood lipids, respiration and circulation. An experimental study in dogs.
Some pharmacologic aspects of the antihistamines. A survey of current clinical applications.
Anaerobic glycolysis in normal human erythrocytes incubated in vitro with sodium salicylate.
Arterial catecholamines in hypoxic exercise in man.
Meal to pellet intervals in 14 species of captive raptors.
Secretion of sulfuric acid in Cassidaria echinophora Lamarck (Mollusca: Mesogastropoda, marine carnivorous snail).
Studies on the lipid content of pigeon breast muscle.
Seasonal variation in diet, volatile fatty acid production and size of the cecum of roch ptarmigan.
The auditory system of the goldfish (Carassius auratus): effects of intense acoustic stimulation.
Volatile fatty acids and metabolizable energy derived from cecal fermentation in the willow ptarmigan.
A comparison of intestinal amino acid absorption in various avian and mammalian species.
Holeuryhalinity and its mechanisms in a cirriped crustacean, Balanus improvisus.
A comparative study on the regulation of osmotic, ionic and organic-solute concentrations in the blood of aquatic organisms.
Aestivation and thermoregulation in the Texas tortoise, Gopherus berlandieri.
The respiratory quotient of Gammarus pulex L.
Water balance of small lactating rodents--II. Concentration and composition of milk of females on ad libitum and restricted water intakes.
Insect morphogenetic hormones and developmental mechanisms in the nematode, Nematospiroides dubius.
Osmotic interrelationship between blood and gut fluid in the isopod Porcellio scaber Latr. (Crustacea).
Effects of thermal stimulation to the spinal cord on heart rate in cyprinid fishes.
The long-term monitoring of ventilation rhythms of the polychaetous annelid Nereis virens sars.
Diving bradycardia in four species of North American aquatic snakes.
Respiratory responses of Gillichthys mirabilis to changes in temperature, dissolved oxygen and salinity.
The pronephroi as the site of presumptive interrenal cells in the hagfish Myxine glutinosa L.
Excreta analysis on additional cockroach species and the house cricket.
Interrelationships between water and metabolism in Artemia cysts--II. Carbohydrates.
Interrelationships between water and metabolism in Artemia cysts--III. Respiration.
Studies on avian erythrocyte metabolism--I. Procedure for separation and quantitation of the major phosphorylated metabolic intermediates by anion exchange chromatography.
Effect of different prostaglandins on the permeability of the toad urinary bladder.
Evaluation of amplitude and frequency changes of miniature potentials with a poor signal-to-noise ratio.
Practolol, caffeine and calcium in the regulation of mechanical activity of the cardiac ventricle in Myxine glutinosa (L.).
Asymmetric distribution of aspartate in ganglia and single neurons of Aplysia.
Electrophysiological actions of convulsants and anticonvulsants on neurons of the leech subesophageal ganglion.
The relative importance of monoamine oxidase and catechol-O-methyl transferase on the physiologic response to administered norepinephrine in the turkey.
The cardiac cycle and the effects of neurohumors on myocardial contractility in the Asiatic eel Anguilla japonica, Timm. & Schle.
Characteristics of the noradrenergic innervation of the left atrium in the chick (Gallus gallus domesticus, L.).
Responsiveness of neurogenic hearts to octopamine.
Action of kainic acid on a glutamatergic synapse.
The effects of 5-hydroxytryptamine depletors and monoamine oxidase inhibitors on color changes of the fiddler crab, Uca pugilator: further evidence in support of the hypothesis that 5-hydroxytryptamine controls the release of red pigment-dispersing hormone.
Evidence of a gastrin-like substance in Rhinobatus productus.
5-hydroxytryptamine as a possible inhibitory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system of the leech, Haemopis sanguisuga.
Gastrin-like activity in an Indian python.
Kinetics of antibody--hapten reactions.
Influence of pH and hypoxia on the success of defibrillation.
Effects of maleate on renal reabsorption of bicarbonate.
Bicarbonate inhibition of rat kidney aconitate hydratase isoenzymes.
Metabolic studies in experimental renal dysfunction resulting from maleate administration.
Multiple endocrine adenomatosis-I and II.
A randomized double-blind study of timolol in patients with essential hypertension.
[Observation of permanent teeth adjacent to teeth damaged by trauma].
Idiopathic hypertrophic subaortic stenosis (hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy) changing concepts-1975.
Pleural effusion associated with aortitis syndrome.
The metabolic fate of securinine.
[Transplantation and preservation of tissue-typized skin in burns].
[Polyploidization and fusion of insect cells exposed to concanavalin A].
[Ability of antilymphocyte sera to counteract the allogeneic inhibition of hematopoietic stem cells].
[Microenvironment of enzymes as 1 of the factors determining enzyme stability. Stabilization of soluble and immobilized horseradish peroxidase].
[3d regional meeting of the specialty field of supervisory nurses in Baden-Württemberg, Northern Group. June 25, 1975 in district hospital Heidenheim].
[Adverse effects of anti-epileptic drugs].
Charge properties of human pituitary and amniotic fluid prolactins.
Human and monkey prolactin and growth hormone: separation of polymorphic forms by isoelectric focusing.
The interaction of SO2 with proteins.
Ecological observation of the 137Cs-contamination in beef of animals from the southern-Bavarian area.
Liver microsomal beta-glucuronidase and UDP-glucuronyltransferase.
Biochemical aspects of renal ammonia formation in metabolic acidosis.
Studies on the mechanism of the changes in serum and liver gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity. I. Experimental extrahepatic cholestasis in rabbits.
Studies on the mechanism of the changes in serum and liver gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity. II. Experimental hexachlorobenzene porphyria in rabbits.
Changes in erythrocyte 2,3 diphosphoglycerate in women following short term maximal exercise.
Hydroxylation of p-Coumaric acid by illuminated chloroplasts. The role of superoxide.
Identification of chloride-binding sites in hemoglobin by nuclear-magnetic-resonance quadrupole-relaxation studies of hemoglobin digests.
The internal-alkaline pH gradient, sensitive to uncoupler and ATPase inhibitor, in growing Clostridium pasteurianum.
D-alanyl-D-alanine carboxypeptidase in the bacterial form and L-form of Proteus mirabilis.
Pigeon-liver NAD kinase. The structural and kinetic basis of regulation of NADPH.
Hydrogen ion changes and contractile behavior in the perfused rat heart.
Changes of EEG and pulmonary venous admixture during a protein load in patients with cirrhosis.
Formation of fertilization acid by sea urchin eggs does not require specific cations.
Primary culture of parenchymal liver cells on collagen membranes. Morphological and biochemical observations.
Cell transformation in isolated striated muscle of hydromedusae independent of DNA synthesis.
Induction of DNA synthesis by dichloroisoproterenol without initial rise of the cAMP level in the parotid gland of mouse.
Cell density-dependent stimulation of glutamine synthetase activity in cultured mouse teratoma cells.
Polyadenylation of nascent RNA during the embryogenesis of Ilyanassa obsoleta.
The effect of environmental pH upon acid hydrolase activities of cultured human diploid fibroblasts.
Enucleation of cells by density gradient centrifugation.
An evaluation of factors affecting the in vitro bioassay for erythropoietin.
[Synthesis of N-substituted isoindolines].
[Cryptorchism].
[Elements of scientific work organization in ambulance feldshers'' functions].
[Participation of feldshers and midwives in the secret and partisan activities during the great patriotic war].
[The organization of health education meetings, verbal reports, carnivals, reader''s conferences].
[Problems concerning the training of feldshers in foreign countries].
[Mechanisms of the thermogenic action of noradrenaline during adaptation to cold].
Response to exogenous gonadotropins in the unresponsive ovary syndrome.
A comparative study of metal and plastic (Karman) cannulae for first trimester abortion by suction curettage.
Acute bacterial myositis following septic abortion. An unusual complication.
The binding of substrates and inhibitors to dihydrofolate reductase.
Euglena gracilis deoxyribonucleic acid polymerases: subcellular locations and variations during the cell cycle.
Monomer complexes of polyadenylic acid.
5-Carbamoylmethyluridine: a new minor nucleoside of transfer ribonucleic acid.
The protective effects of cephaloridine on rat kidney lysosomes in vitro.
[In vitro studies on human ovarian contractility (author''s transl)].
[Studies on the energy for sperm motility (author''s transl)].
Properties of urophysial proteins (urophysins) from the white sucker, Catostomus commersoni.
Glutamine synthetase in newborn mice homozygous for lethal albino alleles.
Chromosomal basis of the merozygosity in a partially deploid mutant of Pneumococcus.
Recombination as a requirement for segregation of a partially diploid mutant of Pneumococcus.
[Extrabronchial effects of Bronchodilat in patients with asthma and chronic asthmatic bronchitis].
Involvement of the small intestine in systemic mast cell disease.
Gastric pH and microflora of normal and diarrhoeic infants.
[Allogenic bone marrow transplantation in men].
[Bone marrow transplantation in patients with aplastic anemia].
[Analysis of clinical phenomena and changes in physico-chemical properties of the blood in mentally ill children].
[Biphasic (ulcer-forming and ulcer-preventing) effect of adrenaline in rats].
[Comparison of drug effects on the isolated rat colon and duodenum].
[Monoamine oxidase (XXXVI). Characteristics of benzylamine oxidase in the dog serum].
[Combined use of bucolome and pyrazolone derivatives (1). Pharmacological activities and blood concentration].
[Combined use of bucolome and pyrazolone derivatives (II). Complex formation due to interaction between bucolome and pyrazolones].
Fructose 1,6-bisphosphate aldolase activity of Rhizobium species.
Prevention of cell agglutination and competence in a genetically transformable strain of Pneumococcus by D-glucosamine and D-galactosamine.
Effect of some aldoses on growth of Saccharomyces cerevisiae inhibited with molybdenum.
Transport properties of membrane vesicles from Acholeplasma laidlawii. II. Kinetic characteristics and specificity of glucose transport system.
Transport of 4-deoxy- and 6-deoxy-D-glucose in baker''s yeast.
Gluconic acid production by Penicillium puberulum.
A simple method of isolation and purification of cultures of wood-rotting fungi.
The effect of CTAB, a cationic surfactant, on the absorption rate of [14C]tripalmitate from a test meal in the rat.
[Language of the other].
[Studies on low volume priming heart lung bypass (author''s transl)].
[Studies on extracorporeal circulation with large volume hemodilution using lactate ringer''s solution and low molecular weight dextran: alterations of acid-base balance associated with intentional hemodilution (author''s transl)].
[Malignant rheumatoid arthritis].
Purification and characterization of phosphodiesterase from Crotalus venom.
Limited hydrolysis of tRNA by phosphodiesterase.
Ecdysone Oxidase, an enzyme from the blowfly Calliphora erythrocephala (Meigen).
Using a hospital for desensitization of an outpatient''s illness-related fears.
Analog computer for base excess and HCO3-from pH and PCO2 electrodes.
Alcohol-related problems in a general hospital emergency room.
Analysis of fatal blunt trauma presenting at an areawide trauma center.
Surgical grand rounds: Ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
The psychological reactions of children to burn traumata: a review.
EKG of the month.
Relative severity of hemolysis in the subtypes of ABO incompatible hemolytic disease.
The demise of the Hopewellian moundbuilders: a plausible conjecture.
Digitalis as treatment for pulmonary comsumption, 1799.
Aqueductal stenosis and Parinaud''s syndrome.
Time, money and the housestaff officer.
Mitral valve prolapse in sarcoid heart disease.
Jaundice after enflurane anesthesia.
The psychological reactions of children to burn traumata: a review. Part II.
Azygos venous connection of anomalous inferior vena cava.
Second primary lung tumors.
Penetrating injuries of the thorax: certain aspects of treatment.
An improved gastrostomy technique.
Basal cell epithelioma in smallpox vaccination scar-fifty years later.
The adolescent who has lost a significant other.
EKG of the month.
A small community blood bank frozen blood program. Twelve month report.
Utilization and referral patterns in the acute illness department of a multispecialty clinic.
Cardiovascular effects of beta-receptor stimulants in healthy volunteers.
Isoelectric distribution of specifically purified rabbit antibody against 4-azo-naphthalene-1-sulfonate.
Studies of hyperimmune restricted and partially restricted anti-pneumococcal polysaccharide antibodies from allotype-defined pedigreed rabbits--IV. Amino-terminal light chain sequence analyses of restricted homozygous b4 rabbit anti-SIII and SVIII antibodies from partially inbred rabbits.
Analysis of immunosuppression generated by the graft-versus-host reaction. I. A suppressor T-cell component studied in vivo.
Schiff-type dyes in the cytochemical staining of DNA.
Response of alanine, tyrosine & leucine aminotransferases to dietary pyridoxine & protein in rat tissues.
A modified minimal medium for aspergillus nidulans.
Pneumococcal type-associated variability in alternate complement pathway activation.
Conditions for production, and some characteristics, of mycobacterial growth inhibitory factor produced by spleen cells from mice immunized with viable cells of the attenuated H37Ra strain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Effect of pneumococci on blood clotting, platelets, and polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
Some properties of a D-alanine carboxypeptidase in envelope fractions of Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Phenomenon of hot-cold hemolysis: chelator-induced lysis of sphingomyelinase-treated erythrocytes.
Host defense against the pneumococcus in T-lymphocyte-deficient, nude mice.
[The women don''t know how to talk in Mexico].
In vitro antagonism of the mediators of allergy by a benzopyrano-benzopyran carboxylic acid PR-D-92-EA.
Tyrosine aminotransferase induction in normal and tumor-bearing chickens.
A behavior modification training program for staff working with drug addicts.
A kinetic study of the hydrolysis of N-acetyl dehydroalanine methyl ester.
The ophthalmologist''s office: planning and practice. Patient traffic flow and use of paramedical personnel.
Behaviour therapy and personality change.
Computer evaluation of the effect of urecholine on the spontaneous activity of smooth muscle from the urinary bladder of the rabbit.
Characteristics of the non-occluded form of a nuclear polyhedrosis virus.
Degradation of myxovirus virion RNA by periodate.
Failure of rubella virus to replicate in mosquitos.
Treatment of severe hypertension with minoxidil.
The influence of injection route and pH value on the activity ratio of yttrium-90 to strontium-90 in the rat skeleton after 90Sr incorporation.
Medical approach to the hypotensive patient and the patient in shock.
Acute renal failure.
[Parotid secretion and its pharmacologically induced variants (author''s transl)].
Analyses of rumen fluid from "sudden death", lactic acidotic and healthy cattle fed high concentrate ration.
Mitochondrial traits of muscle from stress-susceptible pigs.
Local control of pulmonary resistance and lung compliance in the canine lung.
Analysis of pesticides by chemical derivatization. I. a new procedure for the formation of 2-chloroethyl esters of ten herbicidal acids.
Irreversible drug induced parkinsonism (two case reports).
Inactivation of citrate lyase from Rhodopseudomonas gelatinosa by a specific deacetylase and inhibition of this inactivation by L-(+1-glutamate.
Novel type of murein transglycosylase in Escherichia coli.
Formation and cleavage of 2-keto-3-deoxygluconate by 2-keto-3-deoxygluconate aldolase of Aspergillus niger.
Chemotaxis of a motile Streptococcus toward sugars and amino acids.
Phospholipase D activity of gram-negative bacteria.
Pyridine nucleotide-linked oxidation of methanol in methanol-assimilating yeasts.
Expression of the hut operons of Salmonella typhimurium in Klebsiella aerogenes and in Escherichia coli.
Regulation of the hut operons of Salmonella typhimurium and Klebsiella aerogenes by the heterologous hut repressors.
Transport of molybdate by Clostridium pasteurianum.
3-Deoxy-D-arabino-heptulosonic acid 7-phosphate synthase mutants of Salmonella typhimurium.
Membrane location of a deoxyribonuclease implicated in the genetic transformation of Diplococcus pneumoniae.
Regulation of dihydrodipicolinate synthase during growth and sporulation of Bacillus cereus.
D-Lactate dehydrogenase of Peptostreptococcus elsdenii.
Purification, new assay, and properties of coenzyme A transferase from Peptostreptococcus elsdenii.
Isolation and purification of Flavobacterium alpha-1,3-glucanase-hydrolyzing, insoluble, sticky glucan of Streptococcus mutans.
Production, purification, and characterization of an extracellular chitosanase from Streptomyces.
Simple and sensitive procedure for screening yeast mutants that lyse at nonpermissive temperatures.
A nucleoside triphosphate-dependent deoxyribonuclease from Bacillus laterosporus. Purification and characterization of the enzyme.
Rapid radioimmunoassay for guanosine 3'',5''-cyclic monophosphate using tritiated ligand.
The effect of tryptophan administration on fatty acid synthesis in the livers of rats under various nutritional conditions.
Electrophoretic investigations of the acid conformational change of alpha-lactalbumin.
Studies on cathepsins of rat liver lysosomes. II. Comparative studies on multiple forms of cathepsin A.
Recombination of ciliary dynein of Tetrahymena with the outer fibers.
Affinity labeling of D-amino acid oxidase with an acetylenic substrate.
Studies on trypsin inhibitor in barley. I. Purification and some properties.
Metabolism of dog gastric mucosa. Nucleotide levels in parietal cells.
Metal ion dependence of the binding of triiodothyronine by cytosol proteins of bullfrog tadpole tissues.
The active form of cytochrome P-450 from bovine adrenocortical mitochondria.
Effects of strong electrolyte upon the activity of Clostridium perfringens sialidase toward sialyllactose and sialoglycolipids.
Reconstitution of ion transport and respiratory control in vesicles formed from reduced coenzyme Q-cytochrome c reductase and phospholipids.
Ion transport and respiratory control in vesicles formed from reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide coenzyme Q reductase and phospholipids.
sn-Glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity in particulate preparations from anaerobic, light-grown cells of Rhodopseudomonas spheroides. Involvement of acyl thiolester derivatives of acyl carrier protein in the synthesis of complex lipids.
Studies on thyroid hormone-binding proteins. I. The subunit structure of human thyroxine-binding globulin and its interaction with ligands.
Structural studies of two ovalbumin glycopeptides in relation to the endo-beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase specificity.
Use of 5-deazaFAD to study hydrogen transfer in the D-amino acid oxidase reaction.
The NSILA-s receptor in liver plasma membranes. Characterization and comparison with the insulin receptor.
Decarboxylation of oxalacetate to pyruvate by purified avian liver phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase.
Hemoglobin Deer Lodge (beta 2 His replaced by Arg). Consequences of altering the 2,3-diphosphoglycerate binding site.
Patterns of fatty acid release from endogenous substrates by human platelet homogenates and membranes.
Oxidation of NADPH by submitochondrial particles from beef heart in complete absence of transhydrogenase activity from NADPH to NAD.
Protein inhibitor of acid deoxyribonucleases. Improved purification procedure and properties.
Nucleotide-metabolizing enzymes in Chlamydomonas flagella.
In vitro biosynthesis of sialosylgalactosylceramide (G7) by mouse brain microsomes.
Proteolytic enzymes of the K-1 strain of Streptomyces griseus obtained from a commercial preparation (Pronase). Purification and characterization of the carboxypeptidase.
Trypsin-sensitive photosynthetic activities in chloroplast membranes from Chlamydomonas reinhardi, y-1.
A complex of cardiac cytochrome c1 and cytochrome c.
Leucine aminopeptidase (bovine lens). Effect of pH on the relative binding of Zn2+ and Mg2+ to and on activation of the enzyme.
Biochemical studies of tast sensation. Binding of L-[3H]alanine to a sedimentable fraction from catfish barbel epithelium.
Arterialization of the coronary veins in diffuse coronary arteriosclerosis.
Preparations of internal mammary arteries for coronary bypass with intraluminal papaverine.
Structure, composition, physical properties, and turnover of proliferated peroxisomes. A study of the trophic effects of Su-13437 on rat liver.
Localization of NADH oxidase on the surface of human polymorphonuclear leukocytes by a new cytochemical method.
Defective lysosomal enzyme secretion in kidneys of Chediak-Higashi (beige) mice.
Stimulation of 2-deoxy-d-glucose transport in control and virus-transformed cells by ethidium bromide.
Effect of pharmacological agents on human keratinocyte mitosis in vitro. II. Inhibition by catecholamines.
Serum-free growth of HTC cells containing glucocorticoid- and insulin-inducible tyrosine aminotransferase and cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors.
Stimulation of lactic acid production in chick embryo fibroblasts by serum and high pH in the absence of external glucose.
Isolation and studies of the granules of the amebocytes of Limulus polyphemus, the horseshoe crab.
The enzyme kinetics of phospholipase A. A student experiment.
Carotenoids and related compounds. Part XXXII. Synthesis of astaxanthin, phoenicoxanthin, hydroxyechinenone, and the corresponding diosphenols.
Purification of human red cell glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase by affinity chromatography.
Simultaneous determination of propranolol and 4-hydroxypropranolol in plasma by mass fragmentography.
High pressure liquid chromatography on cannabis. Identification of separated constituents.
Amino acid analysis by ion-exchange chromatography using a lithium elution gradient. Influence of methanol concentration and sample pH.
Determination of 3-(5-tetrazolyl) thioxanthone 10,10-dioxide in human plasma, urine and faeces.
Methods to improve detection of pneumococci in respiratory secretions.
Dependence on dose of the acute effects of ethanol on liver metabolism in vivo.
Factors affecting the solubility of calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystals.
Lorazepam compared with pentobarbital for nighttime sedation.
Evidence from rats that morphine tolerance is a learned response.
Murexide for determination of free and protein-bound calcium in model systems.
External validity of laboratory fear assessment: implications from two case studies.
Relaxation as a factor in semantic desensitization.
Effect of trace elements on dissolution of hydroxyapatite by cariogenic streptococci.
Conductometric titration of aqueous solutions of polyacrylic acid and its copolymers.
Atmospheric levels of propoxur aboard submarines after residual spraying.
Activity and longevity of insect growth regulators against mosquitoes.
Uptake, translocation, and metabolism of tirpate in tobacco. Nicotiana tabacum.
Cannabis smoke condensate. Identification of some acids, bases, and phenols.
Stability of myofibrillar EDTA-ATPase in rabbit psoas fiber bundles.
Soluble protein concentrate from alfalfa by low-temperature acid precipitation.
Kinetics of cyanate and imidazole binding to hemin in micelles.
Inguinal herniography in children.
[Use of isotopes in the diagnosis of malignant breast tumors].
Peroxisome development in the metanephric kidney of mouse.
Physiological basis of host susceptibility of Florida mosquitoes to Dirofilaria immitis.
Inhibitory effects of antihistamines and antiserotonins on the bone marrow reactions produced by Escherichia coli endotoxin in mice.
[Experimental study of hypothermia--with special reference to changes in cerebrospinal fluid gases and lactate during perfusion cooling and circulatory arrest].
[A case of allergic granulomatous angitis (author''s transl)].
Criminal exposure of physician assistants.
On the interactions between pancreatic lipase and colipase and the substrate, and the importance of bile salts.
Effect of ionic strength and ionic composition of assay buffers on the interaction of thyroxine with plasma proteins.
The innervation of the salivary gland of the moth, Manduca sexta: evidence that dopamine is the transmitter.
An electrophysiological analysis of chemoreception in the sea anemone Tealia felina.
The selective eosinophil chemotactic activity of histamine.
Hemoglobins and hemocyanins: comparative aspects of structure and function.
How do biological systems discriminate among physically similar ions?
Photoreceptor processes: some problems and perspectives.
Hydrolysis of the hen egg vitelline membrane by cock sperm acrosin and other enzymes.
Studies on renal tubular acidosis in collagen diseases. Part II. The response of patients with collagen diseases to an acid load.
A field survey on home environmental sanitation in two districts of Kaohsiung city, Taiwan.
Inactivation of Formosan snake venoms in vitro by the crude extract of Aristolochia radix.
Takayasu''s arteritis with coronary arterial occlusion and preinfarction angina.
Some effects of low pH on chloride exchange in human red blood cells.
Ionic properties of the acetylcholine receptor in cultured rat myotubes.
Effect of cross-reinnervation on physiological parameters and on properties of myosin and sarcoplasmic reticulum of fast and slow muscles of the rabbit.
Chitin synthase in Mortierella vinacea: properties, cellular location and synthesis in growing cultures.
Protoplasts of Schizosaccharomyces pombe: an improved method for their preparation and the study of their guanine uptake.
Manganese mutagenesis in yeast. A practical application of manganese for the induction of mitochondrial antibiotic-resistant mutations.
The properties and large-scale production of L-asparaginase from citrobacter.
Effect of inorganic phosphate on acridine inhibition and plasmid curing in Escherichia coli.
Oxidation of carbon monoxide and methane by Pseudomonas methanica.
Systematic desensitization to reduce dream-induced anxiety.
Cerebral aromatic aminotransferase.
Stearyl coenzyme A desaturase activities in rat brain microsomes.
ATPase activity of neuroblastoma cells in culture.
Experimental evaluation of the spasmogenicity of dopamine on the basilar artery.
The evolving role of the nurse and the neurosurgical physician''s assistant in the treatment of intractable pain states.
The neurosurgical nurse as a departmental assistant.
Fatty acid and ketone body metabolism in the rat: response to diet and exercise.
Some mechanisms of reduction of carotenoid levels in chickens infected with Eimeria acervulina or E. tenella.
Metabolic studies on the development of ethanol-induced fatty liver in KK-Ay mice.
Different reactivities of 5-bromo-2''-deoxyuridine and 5-bromouracil in the bisulfite-mediated debromination.
Renal response to acid loading in the developing lamb fetus, intact in utero.
Recognition and significance of maternogenic fetal acidosis during intensive monitoring of labor.
Solubilization and stabilization of the cytotoxic agent coralyne.
Solvolysis of a substituted imidazoline, mazindol.
Complexation in formulation of parenteral solutions: solubilization of the cytotoxic agent hexamethylmelamine by complexation with gentisic acid species.
Inhibitory effect of dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate on trypsin activity.
In vitro adsorption of diphenoxylate hydrochloride on activated charcoal and its relationship to pharmacological effects of drug in vivo. I.
Binding of bile acids to cholestyramine at gastric pH conditions.
Group contribution data obtained by ion-pair extraction of prostaglandin B2 with aliphatic amines.
Amodiaquin accumulation by mouse erythrocytes infected with Plasmodium berghei.
The neurochemistry of Parkinson''s disease: effect of L-dopa therapy.
Studies on the mechanism of depletion of striatal dopamine by alpha-methyl-m-tyrosine.
Characteristics of gastric inhibition by acidification of oxyntic gland area.
The influence of pH on equilibrium effects of tetrodotoxin on myelinated nerve fibres of Rana esculenta.
The influence of pH on the rate of tetrodotoxin action on myelinated nerve fibres.
The formation of synapses in amphibian striated muscle during development.
Comparative studies of Trypanosoma vespertilionis Battaglia and Trypanosoma dionisii Bettencourt & França.
The use of psychotropic drugs in general practice. A report of a year''s survey.
N-Isopropyl derivatives of dopamine and 5,6-dihydroxy-2-aminotetralin.
Relation between diel activity and respiration in Armigeres subalbatus (Coquillett) (Diptera: Culicidae).
Educational programs for team delivery. Interdisciplinary education of health associates: The Johns Hopkins experience.
The regional workshops on primary care.
Current issues in primary care education: review and commentary.
New health practitioner education: problems and issues.
The training of new health manpower.
Two training programs. MEDEX: the education-development interface.
Characteristics of physician''s assistant programs.
Phospholipases. III. Effects of ionic surfactants on the phospholipase-catalyzed hydrolysis of unsonicated egg lecithin liposomes.
Negative potential level in the outer layer of the toad skin.
The avian erythrocyte: a study of fixation for electron microscopy.
Gelation of sickle hemoglobin. III. Nitrosyl hemoglobin.
Interactions between cysteine residues as probes of protein conformation: the disulphide bond between Cys-14 and Cys-38 of the pancreatic trypsin inhibitor.
A study of the histidine residues of human carbonic anhydrase C using 270 MHz proton magnetic resonance.
The refined crystal structure of bovine beta-trypsin at 1.8 A resolution. II. Crystallographic refinement, calcium binding site, benzamidine binding site and active site at pH 7.0.
Electrostatic side chain complementarity in collagen fibrils.
Hemoglobin solution and the oxyhemoglobin dissociation curve.
Effect of antihistamine-antiserotonin and ganglionic blocking agents upon increased capillary permeability following burn trauma.
Bacteriophage T4 baseplate components. II. Binding and location of bacteriophage-induced dihydrofolate reductase.
Uukuniemi virus contains an RNA polymerase.
Wolffian duct cyst.
Radiographic examination of mandibular lesions in barren-ground caribou.
Statistical data on allied medical education.
Bacteriologic diagnosis of acute pneumonia. Comparison of sputum, transtracheal aspirates, and lung aspirates.
Periarteritis nodosa in the kidney. Recovery following immunosuppressive therapy.
[Contractile function of the heart. Adrenergic beta receptor blockaders and cardiac function].
[Studies of the effects of aircraft noise causing mental fatigue during some intellectual performance (author''s transl)].
Experimental diarrhea in cynomolgus monkeys by oral administration with Clostridium perfringens type A viable cells or enterotoxin.
[Impression of the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Nursing Association. Fulfilment and some disappointment].
[Impression of the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Association. Heated discussion in the General Meeting and bureaucratic attitude in the Public Health Section].
[Impression of the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Nursing Association. Disappointing attitude of the Assembly toward the nursing system].
[Impression on the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Nursing Association. Need for more realistic attitude toward nursing].
[Impression of the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Nursing Association. Lack of positive approaches in the Public Health Section].
[A study on cryptorchidism. Report 1. Changes in plasma levels of FSH, LH and testosterone in cryptorchidism with loading of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (author''s transl)].
Postnatal development of testicular capillaries and the effect of experimental cryptorchid on capillaries in rats.
[Federation of Salaried Employees'' meeting and the stand taken by the Federation of Midwives].
[Effect of peripheral counterpulsation on the body of an animal with intact heart].
[Regulation of interrelation between pulmonary ventilation and circulation].
Dilution acidosis and contraction alkalosis: review of a concept.
Multiple cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases in rat kidney.
Effect on aging on plasma renin and aldosterone in normal man.
Modification of angiotensin-mediated tubulo-glomerular feedback by extracellular volume.
[Immune mechanisms in uremia].
Improvement of renin determination in human plasma using a commonly available renin standard in a radioimmunological method.
[Validity of pH measurements by means of micro pH combination electrodes in blood and other biological fluids (author''s transl)].
[Glutathione (author''s transl)].
MEDEX South Carolina: a progress report.
The effects of drinking on offspring: an historical survey of the American and British literature.
Problems of epidemiology in alcohol problems.
Prevalence of alcoholism among ward patients in a veterans administration hospital.
Extracellular volume Expansion after ethanol in dogs.
Hyperexcitability in the neural substrate of emotional behavior in cats after alcohol withdrawal. Evidence of a rapid development of alcohol dependence.
Interactions of age, sex and long-term alcohol intake in selectively bred strains of rats.
The mediating role of emotions in alcohol use.
Alcoholism and marriage: the argument against specialism.
Symptoms of alcoholism in women: a preliminary survey of A.A. members.
Sex-role adjustment and drinking disposition of women college students.
Prearrest behavior of persons convicted of driving while intoxicated.
Daily alcohol consumption patterns in Boston: some findings and a partial test of the Tuesday hypothesis.
Treatment of alcoholic methadone-maintenance patients with disulfiram.
Kinetic analysis of active membrane transport systems: equations for net velocity and isotope exchange.
Quantitative aspects of regulation of cellular cyclic AMP levels. II. Kinectics of drug action in a model cyclic AMP generating system.
A hypothesis for the pathway of the thermally-induced unfolding of bovine pancreatic ribonuclease.
Regional study of acid hydrolases and lysosomal membrane properties in the normal human brain at various ages.
The late effects of selected immunosuppressants on immunocompetence, disease incidence, and mean life-span. II. Cell-mediated immune activity.
Development of a miniature pH glass electrode with field-effect-transistor amplifier for biomedical applications.
Development of a minature pCO2 electrode for biomedical applications.
[Treatment of ischemic wounds in the elderly by covering with pigskin heterografts].
Calcium activation of brain tryptophan hydroxylase.
Acute and chronic effects of nicotine on synthesis and storage of catecholamines in the rat adrenal medulla.
Subcellular localization of guanylate cyclase.
Further studies on the pharmacology of a false cholinergic transmitter, (2-hydroxyethyl) methyldiethylammonium (diethylcholine).
Catechol-O-methyltransferase from rat liver: two forms having different meta:para methylation ratios.
Properties of solubilized prostaglandin synthetase from sheep vesicular glands.
Adenosine as a putative transmitter in the cerebral cortex. Studies with potentiators and antagonists.
Kinetic characterization of rat serum dopamine-beta-hydroxylase using a simplified radioenzymatic assay.
The serotonergic system in the brain and its possible functional connections with other aminergic systems.
Proctolin: a peptide transmitter candidate in insects.
Structure of the pentapeptide proctolin, a proposed neurotransmitter in insects.
On the substrate specificity of cathepsins B1 and B2 including a new fluorogenic substrate for cathepsin B1.
Crassin acetate, the principal antineoplastic agent in four gorgonians of the Pseudoplexaura genus.
Ecological amplitudes of herbs, spices, and medicinal plants.
Lipoxygenase isozymes of peanut.
[Foci of lymphocyte-like cells in the bone marrow of irradiated mice].
Asthma: the promise of drug therapy.
[Coronary heart disease and its differential treatment].
[The value of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidases in the diagnosis of liver diseases].
[6 years of the International Union of Societies of Immunology. Presidential report (Brighton 1974)].
The action of uncouplers on lipid bilayer membranes.
Cation permeation mechanisms and cation selectivity in "tight junctions" of gallbladder epithelium.
Growth and handling of yeasts.
Methods for avoiding proteolytic artefacts in studies of enzymes and other proteins from yeasts.
Induction of haploid glycoprotein mating factors in diploid yeasts.
Induction, selection, and experimental uses of temperature-sensitive and other conditional mutants of yeast.
Recycling doctors.
[Pulmonary involvement in collagen diseases].
[Computer experience and further developments in the respiratory function laboratory (author''s transl)].
Less medicine than we think?
The challenge of HEW.
Manpower, medicine and money.
Alaska.
EDP. Alternatives: two case histories.
Choosing a computer system.
Planning for HIS.
Mental health reform fails.
Evaluate job to set compensation.
Setting depreciation schedules.
Choosing an understudy.
Denial of staff privileges upheld.
Chemical transmitter systems in the brain.
Regional cerebral circulation in man and its regulation.
Phosphate transport in rat liver mitochondria. Kinetics, inhibitor sensitivity, energy requirements, and labeled components.
L-tyrosine: 2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase induction by hydrocortisone in the thymus of the white rat.
Identification of the 30 S protein adjacent to peptidyl transferase catalytic center of Escherichia coli ribosomes.
Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Weekly clinicopathological exercises. Case 1-1976.
Letter: Impact of physicians'' assistants.
Letter: Dyskinesia associated with chronic antihistamine use.
Letter: Grams of antipsychotics?
The value of a histamine H2-receptor antagonist in the management of patients with the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
Shattuck lecture--strengths and weaknesses of the committee approach. An analysis of past and present recommended dietary allowances for protein in health and disease (second of two parts).
Selective release of newly synthesised and newly captured GABA from synaptosomes by potassium depolarisation.
Effect of minor tranquillisers on hippocampal theta rhythm mimicked by depletion of forebrain noradrenaline.
Direct identification and characterisation of beta-adrenergic receptors in rat brain.
Prolonged activation of tyrosine hydroxylase in noradrenergic neurones of rat brain by cholinergic stimulation.
Letter: Cysteine and survival of transplanted thymoma.
Effect of denervation and local damage on extrajunctional L-glutamate receptors in locust muscle.
Tentative classification of NAD(P)-linked dehydrogenases in regard to their stereochemistry of hydrogen transfer to the coenzyme.
Induction of tyrosine aminotransferase by insulin not mediated by cyclic GMP.
Histamine receptors in the vasculature of the rabbit ear.
Relative pre- and postsynaptic potencies of alpha-adrenoceptor agonists in the rabbit pulmonary artery.
Investigation into some imidazoline compounds, with respect to peripheral alpha-adrenoceptor stimulation and depression of cardiovascular centers.
The regulation of striatal tyrosine hydroxylase. Effects of gamma hydroxybutric acid and healperidol.
Host-tumor relationship XXXIII. Inhibitor of hyaluronidase in blood serum of cancer patients.
Influence of peritoneal dialysis on factors affecting oxygen transport.
Some effects of ammonium salts on renal histology and function in the dog.
Papillary necrosis associated with calyceal arteritis.
Fasting uric acid and phosphate in urine and plasma of renal calcium-stone formers.
Effects of varying dialysate calcium concentrations on the plasma calcium fractions in patients on dialysis.
[Pharmacological treatment of arterial hypertension].
A study of the central effects of sympathomimetic drugs: EEG and behavioural investigations on clonidine and naphazoline.
Influence of desmethylimipramine on some neurochemical alterations during experimental hypothyroidism.
Further studies on the ganglionic and smooth muscle stimulating effect of potassium on the peristaltic reflex of the guinea-pig isolated ileum.
Lymphocyte physiology and function.
If you like variety, become an orthopedic surgeon''s assistant.
''War games'' against cancer.
[Borderline between antiepileptic and psychopharmacological drugs (author''s transl)].
[Intoxication due to analeptics in 8 newborn infants].
Identification, purification and properties of clone-specific glycoprotein antigens constituting the surface coat of Trypanosoma brucei.
The determination of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase by reaction rate assay at 37 degrees C.
[Activity of some digestive enzymes in the urine and feces in infants with acute gastro-intestinal diseases].
The influence of cortisol on the enzymes of fatty acid synthesis in developing mammalian lung and brain.
[Tooth and alveolar process trauma in children].
The golden era of immunology at the Rockefeller Institute.
The relation between myosin adenosinetriphosphatase activity and inactivation of myosin under alkaline conditions of heart muscles in mammals of different size.
Carbon dioxide response curves during hypothermia.
[Zollinger-Ellison syndrome treated medically by an inhibitor of H2 histamine receptors].
[Relationship between serum antibiotic concentration and inhibiting potency of the serum. Application to ampicillin and amoxicillin].
Letter: Gamma glutamyltranspeptidase (gamma GT) after myocardial infarction.
[Exercise test in the asthmatic patient. Study of 75 patients].
[Anaphylactic accidents due to glaphenine. 5 cases].
[Letter: An undesirable effect of beta-stimulating agents? Outbreak of an acute psychiatric symptomatology in mental patients].
[Effect of sex hormones preparations on some indices of liver function under experimental conditions].
[Diagnostic value of A1AT, alpha-amylase and GGTP activity in urine in chronic glomerulonephritis].
Management of myocardial infarction.
The treatment of intractable pain.
Anxiolytic drugs.
''Meningitis by the score''.
Intranasal betamethasone valerate in seasonal rhinitis.
Urinary acidification in renal allografts.
A simple test for early detection of severe renal homograft rejection.
Catalysis by acetylcholinesterase: evidence that the rate-limiting step for acylation with certain substrates precedes general acid-base catalysis.
Light-dependent absorption and selective scattering changes at 518 nm in chloroplast thylakoid membranes.
phiX174 DNA-dependent DNA synthesis in vitro: requirement for P1 ban protein in dnaB mutant extracts of Escherichia coli.
Intramolecular arsanilazotyrosine-248-Zn complex of carboxypeptidase A: a monitor of catalytic events.
Ubiquinone-mediated coupling of NADH dehydrogenase to active transport in membrane vesicles from Escherichia coli.
Protection of lethally irradiated mice with allogeneic fetal liver cells: influence of irradiation dose on immunologic reconstitution.
Mechanism of action of penicillin: triggering of the pneumococcal autolytic enzyme by inhibitors of cell wall synthesis.
Identification of NADPH-thioredoxin reductase system in Euglena gracillis.
Purification of folate binding factor in normal umbilical cord serum.
Intramolecular arsanilazotyrosine-248-Zn complex of carboxypeptidase A: a monitor of multiple conformational states in solution.
Presence of norepinephrine and related enzymes in isolated brain microvessels.
Control of breathing in disease.
Recent studies on transport of respiratory gases by the red blood cell.
Disorders of micturition in bacterial prostatitis.
Change in pH of expressed prostatic secretion during the course of prostatitis.
Bone marrow transplants.
[Picolylamides of the nicethamide type. 6. Structure-activity relationships of analeptics of the nicethamide type].
[Biotransformation and pharmacokinetics of beta-receptor blockaders].
[Synthesis of new beta 1-receptor blockaders].
[Structure-activity relationship of phenoxyalkanolamine derivatives with selective beta 1-receptor blocking action].
[The pharmacology of (+/-)-1-(4-cyclohexylureido-phenoxy)-2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane (Talinolol, Cordanum, 02-115)].
[Studies on the action of talinolol (Cordanum, 02-115) on the coronary blood circulation].
[The effects of 1-(4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy)-2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane (talinolol, Cordanum, 02-115), practolol and propranolol on the lipid content of the rat serum].
[Study on the chronic toxicity of 1-(4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy)-2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane(talinolol, Cordanum, 02-115) in the rat and the beagle].
[Teratological study of talinolol (Cordanum, 02-115)].
[Quantitative colorimetric determination of 1-(4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy)-2-hydroxy-3-tert butylaminopropane (talinolol Cordanum, 02-115) in body fluids].
[The pharmacokinetics of 1-(4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy)-2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane (talinolol, Cordanum, 02-115). 1. Blood levels in dogs].
[The pharmacokinetics of 1-(4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy)-2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane (talinolol, Cordanum, 02-115) 2. Excretion, blood level and distribution of the 14C-labeled compound in the rat].
[Hemodynamic action of talinolol (Cordanum, 02-115), a new beta-receptor blocking substance, in man].
[Clinicopharmacological studies on the bronchoconstrictive side effect of the beta-receptor blockader talinolol (Cordanum, 02-115) in patients with asthma or chronic obstructive lung diseases].
Nonenzymatic reactivation of des-acetyl citrate lyase by acetyl adenylate. First example of enzyme activation by chemotrophic modification.
Relationship between bovine serum albumin structure and its chemical equilibria with hydrogen and 5-hydroxytryptamine ions.
[Circadian variations of the activity and induction of tyrosine aminotransferase after x-irradiation].
Some psysicochemical properties of mitochondrial and cell sap alanine aminotransferase from the rat CNS.
[Postvacccinal encephalomyelitis after protective antirabic innoculation, combined with polioencephalomyelitis (lyssa?)].
[Course and results of treatment with 3 activating neuroleptics].
Drug addiction: I. A theoretical framework for behavior therapy.
Components of desensitization in modification of fear among genuinely fearful subjects.
The effect of L-dopa on young patients with simple schizophrenia, treated with neuroleptic drugs: a double-blind cross-over trial with Madopar and placebo.
The specificity of binding of the narcotic agonist etorphine in synaptic membranes of rat brain in vivo.
The cholinergic system and nociception in the primate: interactions with morphine.
Effects of thienodiazepine derivatives on human sleep as compared to those of benzodiazepine derivatives.
Effect of two weeks'' treatment with thioridazine, chlorpromazine, sulpiride and bromazepam, alone or in combination with alcohol, on learning and memory in man.
Effects of chronic exposure to stressors on avoidance-escape behavior and on brain norepinephrine.
Molecular mechanisms in the receptor-mediated regulation of tyrosine hydroxylase.
Plasma/blood level monitoring techniques in psychiatry.
Short or long hospitalization for psychiatric disorders?
Long-acting phenothiazine and social therapy in the community treatment of acute schizophrenics.
CNS stimulants and anabolic substances in geropsychiatric therapy.
Gerovital-H3--a review of the literature.
Behavior analysis of the effects and mechanisms of action of benzodiazepines.
The possible involvement of GABA mechanisms in the action of benzodiazepines on central catecholamine neurons.
Possible involvement of GABA in the central actions of benzodiazepines.
Involvement of GABA in the action of benzodiazepine--studies on rat cerebellum.
On characterizing psychosis in multi-ethnic settings.
Dopamine neurons: role of impulse flow and presynaptic receptors in the regulation of tyrosine hydroxylase.
Evidence for drug actions on both pre- and postsynaptic catecholamine receptors in the CNS.
Evaluation of combined pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatment in patients with functional abdominal disorders.
Allosteric interpretation of haemoglobin properties.
Effects of x-irradiation on cell division, oxygen consumption, and growth medium pH of an insect cell line cultured in vitro.
Letter: The reactions of hydrogens atoms in aqueous solutions: effect of pH on reactions with cysteine and penicillamine.
Behavioral effects of hypothalamic releasing hormones in animals and men.
Prolyl-leucyl-glycine amide (PLG) and thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH): DOPA potentiation and biogenic amine studies.
Some effects of ACTH4-10 on performance during a continuous reaction task.
The renin-angiotensin system and drinking behavior.
Neurotransmitters and temperature regulation.
Neuroendocrine effects of perinatal androgenization in the male ferret.
Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol action and neuronal membrane-bound enzymes.
Modification of in vitro neurotransmitter release from rat brain slices by hypophyseotropic factors.
Techniques for the study of the biochemical basis of drug action.
Structure and function of haemoglobin.
[The role of Mg and Ca ions in muscle contraction (author''s transl)].
[Giant cell tumors. Conclusions].
Role of cardiovascular and ionic changes in pathogenesis and prevention of isoprenaline-induced cardiac necrosis.
Alterations in norepinephrine pattern in the damaged myocardium in the rat.
Prevention of myocardial Ca overload and necrotization by Mg and K salts or acidosis.
Receptors for insulin, NSILA-s, and growth hormone: applications to disease states in man.
Explanation of the stimulation of microsomal N-demethylation reactions by soluble supernatant fraction.
An attempt to correlated analgesia to changes in brain neuromediators in rats.
Colorimetric determination of 5-aminosalicylic acid and its N-acetylated metabolite on urine and feces.
[Pressures, blood gases, pH, lactate and pyruvate concentrations in the portal venous blood in patients after laparotomy during the first 9 days (author''s transl)].
Biochemical and biophysical changes in guinea pigs after acute head injury.
Total brain ischaemia in dogs: cerebral physiological and metabolic changes after 15 minutes of circulatory arrest.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide dissociation of duck blood.
First apparent dissociation constant of carbonic acid, pK''1, of plasma and erythrocytes.
The effects of changes in pH and PCO2 in blood and water on breathing in rainbow trout, Salmo gairdneri.
[Acute toxic dilatation of the colon in hemorrhagic rectocolitis].
[Pulmonary function in chronic bronchitis and emphysema. VI. Pulmonary mixing].
[Hypoxemia and hypercapnia in the development of chronic cor pulmonale].
[Post-traumatic hemorrhagic subacute constrictive pericarditis].
[Diabetic lactic acidosis].
[Myeloid metaplasia with myelosclerosis in the course of a syndrome of splenogenic portal hypertension with a background of splenic tuberculosis].
[Left atrial calcification. Report of a case].
[Current studies in the clinical physiology of gastric secretion].
[Duodenal dyskinesia (duodenal stasis) and modifiers of digestive tract behavior (atropine, insulin, metoclopramide)].
[Problems in the treatment of the operated stomach].
[Treatment of biliary tract diseases].
[Medico-surgical tactics in the treatment of gastro-duodenal ulcer].
[Treatment of chronic pancreatitis].
[Treatment of ulcerative colitis].
[Treatment of chronic hepatitis].
[Prospective study of the evolutive modalities of active chronic hepatitis with or without corticotherapy].
[Therapeutic possibilities and risks in hepatic cirrhosis with water-electrolyte metabolism disorders].
[Treatment of the malabsorption syndrome].
[Treatment of chronic constipation (constipation disease)].
[Articular lubrication under normal and pathological conditions: therapeutic consequences].
[Premise for the pathogenetic definition of toxinfectious and endotoxic shock states].
[Clinical and prognostic studies of 41 patients with left anterior hemiblock in the onset of acute myocardial infarct].
[Detection of rheumatoid factors with the "rheumatoid rosette" immunocytoadherence test].
[Prolonged treatment with prednisone and azathioprine in chronic hepatitis with immunological disorders].
[Use of bethanidine sulfate in the treatment of arterial hypertension].
[Value of cycloserine (Tebemicin) in the treatment of acute attacks of chronic pyelonephritis].
[Adenocarcinoma of the 2d portion of the duodenum].
[Lesional asymmetry and hepatocellular and enterocytic evolutive asynchronism under the influence of some exogenous factors].
[Some therapeutic aspects of obsessive-phobic neuroses].
The effect of pH upon fluoride uptake in intact enamel.
Determination of inorganic pyrophosphatase in rat odontoblast layer by a radiochemical method.
Assessment of denture plaque pH in subjects with and without denture stomatitis.
Bioluminescence assay of enzymes obtained from buccal epithelium by superficial scraping.
Gastroduodenal emptying and motility.
Identification of the gastroduodenal junction by potential difference measurements.
Allogeneic marrow transplantation for the treatment of leukaemia. A review.
[Interpretation of various chemical parameters in the pollution of coastal waters].
[Uncertain position in the therapeutic team. Symposium for nurses on "Parenteral and Tube Feeding" and members'' congress of the German Nurses'' Association in Düsseldorf].
Current status of treatment of pneumonia.
[Physical work capacity of patients with bronchial asthma after treatment with bronchodilator agent, berotek].
[Complications of sombrevin anesthesia in minor gynecological surgery].
''Picture frame'' fibres in a carrier of the trait for malignant hyperpyrexia.
The GP dilemma. Recommendations and synopsis of a student conference.
[Report from the National Representatives of the Scandinavian Nurses'' Federation''s meeting in Iceland].
[Association''s meeting after half a year].
A clinical conference for inactive nurses.
Gastric emptying of liquids after different vagotomies and pyloroplasty.
Pancreatic enzyme response with an elemental diet.
[Nurses'' drug information: therapeutic action group: benzodiazepine derivatives. 1].
[Nurses'' drug information: therapeutic action group: benzodiazepine derivatives. 2].
[Nurses'' drug information; therapeutic action group: benzodiazepines. 3].
[Health and nursing care''s working environment should be critically examined. Contribution to the discussion about working environment as an introduction to the congress].
Molecular biology of human plasminogen. I. Physiochemical properties and microheterogeneity.
Gastric fibrinolysis.
Proceedings: Effects of pH on arachidonic acid induced platelet aggregation.
Proceedings: Variations in quantitative ristocetin platelet aggregation (RPA) with time after platelet rich plasma (PRP) preparation: association with alteration in pH.
Proceedings: Hemophilia: modified by a post-exercise plasminogen activator.
Effect of lysosomal cationic proteins from polymorphonuclear leukocytes upon the fibrinogen and fibrinolysis system.
Prothrombin profragment-1 optical rotatory dispersion and circular dichroism.
[Students'' action adopted at convention].
Acid-base parameters in the dehydrated camel.
[Clinical experiences with untreated homologous vein grafts in reconstruction of arteries (author''s transl)].
[Bacteria as cause of dental caries].
[Current interpretation of the testicular maldescention problem].
[Maldescensus testis in the dog].
Experimental methanol toxicity in the primate: analysis of metabolic acidosis.
The effect of a simulated subarachnoid hemorrhage on cerebral blood flow in the monkey.
Effects of oxygen saturation and pCO2 on brain uptake of glucose analogues in rabbits.
Lactate and pyruvate concentrations, and acid-base balance of cerebrospinal fluid in experimentally induced intracerebral and subarachnoid hemorrhage in dogs.
A study of variables affecting the quality of platelets stored at "room temperature".
Marrow grafts between canine littermates showing one-way nonstimulation in mixed leukocyte culture.
Engraftment of allogeneic dog bone marrow.
Induction of tolerance to third-party donor organs in canine radiation chimeras.
Dopamine-containing neurons of the substantia nigra and their terminals in the neostriatum.
Discussion: Metachromatic leukodystrophy, an unusual case with a subtle cerebroside sulfatase defect.
[Separation of the hormones of the adenohypophysis of rats by use of electrophoresis in polyacrylamide gel in the presence of sodium dodecyl sulfate].
[Properties of NAD-glycohydrolase of the nuclei of the liver cells of rats].
[Some properties of "soluble" Na+ and K+-ATPase obtained from various subcellular membrane structures of the brain by use of non-ionic detergents].
[Properties of glutamine synthetase of the brain of rats during ontogenesis].
[Properties of NAD-pyrophosphorylase of the nuclei of liver cells of chickens].
[Biosynthesis of flavins and its regulation in the yeast Pichia guilliermondii].
[DNases and RNases of Misgurnus fossilis ovocytes].
[Determination of optimal conditions for the electron-cytochemical detection of ATPase activity in isolated nuclei].
[Drug information. Metoprolol (Seloken, Hässle)].
Characteristics of renovascular hypertension in Japan.
[Catecholamines, cholinergic and serotoninergic complexes as criteria of prognosis in acute cranio-cerebral trauma].
[Incarcerated gallbladder in cholecystitis].
[Determination of the proteolytic activity of beef liver by means of natural substrates labed with 125 I].
Significance of serum pepsinogen and abomasal pH levels in a field infection of O circumcincta in lambs.
[Cultivation of Trichomonas gallinarum and Trichomonas tenax on a trimed medium].
Pneumococcal bacteriophages.
[44th Internal Medicine Meeting in Boboty-Terchova--April 18, 1975 on Headache].
[Certain aspects of regulation of cerebral blood flow].
[Gasometric studies in pneumonia in newborn infants].
Amylase of the thermophilic actinomycete Thermomonospora vulgaris.
[Properties of the NADP+-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenases of Acinetobacter calcoaceticus].
[Pyridine nucleotide-independent oxidation of long chain aliphatic alcohols by an enzyme of Acinetobacter calcoaceticus].
[Chronic heart diseases. 6th diagnostic-therapeutic discourse of the ZFA in Freudenstadt].
[Virus diseases of the skin and genital organs. 6th diagnostic-therapeutic discourse of the ZFA in Freudenstadt 1975].
[Preparation of hyperthyreotic patients for surgery].
[Incidence and clinical course of vaccination complications].
[Experimental ulcer].
[The effect of therapeutic gentamycin doses on the enzyme secretion in urine].
Acetylcholinesterase in atopic skin in relation to the B blockade model of atopy.
[Alkaline phosphatases in human feces, intestinal mucosa and bile, and the occurrence of 5''-nucleotidase in feces (author''s transl)].
Simultaneous determination of 5''-nucleotidase and alkaline phosphatase activities in serum.
Absorption of short and medium chain fatty acids in the jejunum of the rat.
Carcinogenic N-nitro-dimethylamine from the reaction of the analgesic amidopyrine and nitrite extracted from foodstuffs.
[Proceedings: Intracellular pH and CO2-binding curve of the myocardium in normo and hyperthermia in rats].
[A modern quick method for the acidity determination of the gastric juice (pentagastrin test)].
Histochemical observations on the occurrence of glycolytic and pentose phosphate cycle enzymes in the hepatopancreas and their possible relation to eyestalk factor(s) in the crab Scylla serrata (Forskal).
[Physiologic mechanisms of goal-directed movements].
[Different influence of the semicastration and of unilateral cryptorchism on the controlateral testis].
[Expert opinion on the tooth-preserving properties of chewing gum Y].
Effect of sodium chloride on the staphylococcal growth in milk.
Seed pelleting with systemic insecticide (Aldicarb) for the control of pests of mungo (Phaseolus aureus L.).
Growth of Staphylococcus aureus, experimentally inoculated in Damietta cheese.
[Influence of the massive transfusion of cold and warmed preserved blood on the oxygen-transport function of the blood].
[Acid-base equilibrium during physiological pregnancy].
[The cathode bound group antigen of dysentery-provoking escherichieae (author''s transl)].
[Role of pH of the cerebrospinal fluid in the action of a vasodilator agent, No-Shpa, on cerebral blood flow].
[Isolation of the individual structural elements of bacteria of the genus Bordetella and a study of their properties. I. The formation of mureinoplasts and true protoplasts from B. pertussis].
[pH stability of sugar media in the process of determining Shigella sonnei biotypes].
[Sympathico-adrenal system activity in a primary immune response].
[Covalent binding of peroxidase to CH- and AH-Sepharose 4 B].
Aerobacter aerogenes PRL-R3 urease. Purification and properties.
Further characterization of the association of glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase with reticulocyte membranes.
[Effect of the vagus nerve on isolated rabbit atria in ganglionic blockade due to hexamethonium].
Chemical relaxation studies on the system liver alcohol dehydrogenase, NADH and imidazole.
Preliminary experience in the treatment of schizophrenia with pipothiazine and its derivatives.
Comparative study of virological infections in asthmatic and nonasthmatic children.
Acute otitis media. A clinical bacteriological and serological study of children with frequent episodes of acute otitis media.
Multiple forms of staphylococcal alpha-toxin.
Binding of digitoxin to human serum albumin: influence of ionic strength and ionic medium on the digitoxin-albumin complex formation.
Dibenzepine and its metabolites in blood, muscle, liver, vitreous body and urine from fatal poisoning.
Gas chromatography and electron capture detection of benzophenones. Part XI. Applications in the oxidation of gem-diphenylmethane substituted compounds by barium peroxide.
ATP analogs.
Acetylcholinesterase.
Binding energy, specificity, and enzymic catalysis: the circe effect.
Biochemical function and homeostasis: the payoff of the genetic program.
Direct evidence of heterolysis of gorgonian target cells.
Immunoincompatibility reactions in corals (Coelenterata).
Allogeneic distinction in Botryllus primigenus and in other colonial ascidians.
Specific rejection of integumentary allografts by the sea star Dermasterias imbricata.
Use of the GVH reaction to investigate the regulation of the humoral immune response.
Endosymbiosis and cellular tolerance in the Hawaiian soft coral Sarcothelia edmondsoni verrill.
Hard tissue tumors of scleractinian corals.
Sex as a factor in metabolism, toxicity, and efficacy of pharmacodynamic and chemotherapeutic agents.
Effect of amphetamine-type psychostimulants on brain metabolism.
Electrophysiology and pharmacology of cardiac arrhythmias. IX. Cardiac electrophysiologic effects of beta adrenergic receptro stimulation and blockade. Part C.
Frustration.
Dedication 1975...it almost wasn''t.
Epidemiologic investigations of the 1969 epidemic of Venezuelan encephalitis in Ecuador.
Congenital malformations of the central nervous system produced by narcotic analgesics in the hamster.
Evaluation of a non-professional visual screening method.
Ionic requirements of proximal tubular sodium transport. II. Hydrogen ion.
ECS, intracellular pH, and electrolytes of cardiac and skeletal muscle.
Intracellular pH and K+ of cardiac and skeletal muscle in acidosis and alkalosis.
Effects of autonomic neurohumors on transmembrane potentials of atrial plateau fibers.
Interstitial fluid pressure and alkaline gastric secretion.
Overview: maintenance therapy in psychiatry: I. Schizophrenia.
Inpatient and outpatient patterns of psychotropic drug prescribing by nonpsychiatrist physicians.
Letter: More on the treatment of delusional depressed patients.
Letter: Energizing effects of piperacetazine.
Toward a national health policy--values in conflict.
Eastern equine encephalomyelitis in upstate New York 1972-1974.
[Metabolic acidosis as a side-effect of methoxyflurane anesthesia (author''s transl)].
Purification of flavin-adenine dinucleotide and coenzyme A on p-acetoxymercurianiline--Agarose columns.
A problem encountered in a study of the effects of lanthanide ions on enzyme-catalyzed reactions.
An accurate method for estimating 5-phosphoribosyl 1-pyrophosphate in animal tissues with the use of acid extraction.
Determination of rhodanese activity using a pH-STAT apparatus.
Separation of low molecular weight RNA by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.
A spectrophotometric assay for trans-cinnamic acid 4-hydroxylase activity.
Assay of proteolytic enzyme with a leucine-selective electrode.
The polarographic determination of some thiazide diuretics in compound tablets.
The electrochemical determination of vitamin A. Part II. Further voltammetric determination of vitamin A and initial work on the determination of vitamin D in the presence of vitamin A.
Protective effect of hypothermia in cerebral oxygen deficiency caused by arterial hypoxia.
Hazards of anesthesia and operation in maple-syrup-urine disease.
Letter: Fluroxene concentration in the perfusate.
Characterization of a caprine herpesvirus.
Transfer of drugs across the ruminal wall in goats.
Preservation of hypoxic pulmonary pressor response in canine pneumococcal pneumonia.
Value of capillary blood gas analyses in the management of acute respiratory distress.
Bone marrow transplantation in man.
The virus hypothesis in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Letter: beta-Blockers and myasthenia gravis.
Letter: Heat exhaustion and respiratory alkalosis.
Ascorbic acid and biological systems. Ascorbic acid and electron transport.
Some properties of the ascorbate free radical.
Dehydroascorbate uptake and reduction by human blood neutrophils, erythrocytes, and lymphocytes.
The membrane transport of ascorbic acid.
Chemistry and metabolism of ascorbic acid and ascorbate sulfate.
Safety considerations with high ascorbic acid dosage.
Carcinofetal alterations in glucosamine-6-phosphate synthetase.
A hepatoma-associated alkaline phosphatase, the Kasahara isozyme, compared with one of the isozymes of FL amnion cells.
Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase. A sensitive indicator  of renal ischaemic injury in experimental animals and renal homograft rejection in man.
Influence of pH on the heat inactivation of staphylococcal enterotoxin A as determined by monkey feeding and serological assay.
Survival of salmonellae during pepperoni manufacture.
Growth of Staphylococcus and Salmonella on frankfurters with and without sodium nitrite.
Characterization of an extracellular dextranase from Fusarium moniliforme.
Nonautotrophic Thiobacillus in acid mine water.
Reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH)-dependent formation and breakdown of hydrogen peroxide during mixed function oxidation reactions in liver microsomes.
Mixed function oxidation of hexobarbital and generation of NADPH by the hexose monophosphate shunt in isolated rat liver cells.
Studies on the alkaline phosphatase and 5''-nucleotidase of Dictyostelium discoideum.
Evidence of an essential histidine residue in rabbit liver aryl sulfatase A.
Substrate and inhibitor complexes of dihydrofolate reductase from amethopterin-resistant L1210 cells.
Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenases from Euglena gracilis. Purification and physical and chemical characterization.
Isoionic titration and isopycnic density gradient centrifugation studies of magnesium activation and subunit dissociation in yeast enolase.
A beta-disordered chain transition in oligo(Tyr-Ala-Glu).
Aminoacylation of Escherichia coli cysteine tRNA by selenocysteine.
A Polydeoxythymidylic acid-specific deoxyribonuclease from rat ascites hepatoma cells.
Effects of net charge on the hydrogen-deuterium exchange parameters of lysozyme.
Effect of pH and ionic strength on the catalytic and allosteric properties of native and chemically modified ox liver mitochondrial glutamate dehydrogenase.
Carbohydrate compositions of the rabbit plasminogen isozymes.
PH dependence of the alpha-glucose 1,6-diphosphate inhibition of hexokinase II.
Inhibition by lipoperoxidation of amino acid incorporation by rough microsomal membranes in vitro and its partial reversibility.
Enzymatic synthesis and reactions of uridine 5''-(5-thio-alphaD-glucopyranosyl pyrophosphate).
Heme-linked protonation of HCN, CO, NO and O2 complexes of reduced horseradish peroxidases.
Graft versus host reaction. An ultrastructural study.
Nephrotic syndrome in indian children.
Separation of deoxyribonucleases (DNases) of normal human stratum corneum and psoriatic scales by micro-disc-electrophoresis.
Subcellular distribution of phosphatases, proteinases, and ribonucleases in normal human stratum corneum and psoriatic scales.
A reinvestigation of the sites of transcription and translation of Euglena chloroplastic phenylalanyl-tRNA synthetase.
[Hyperthermia in the rabbit. II. Studies on influencing respiration with exogenic hyperthermia].
Outpatient phenothiazine use and bone marrow depression. A report from the drug epidemiology unit and the Boston collaborative drug surveillance program.
[Tumour hyperacidulation through intravenous glucose infusion enhanced by amygdalin and beta-glucosidase application (author''s transl)].
[Determination of acidity-constants in mixed solvents (author''s transl)].
Studies of the pain produced by mafenide acetate preparations in burns.
Microbiol growth in lipid emulsions used in parenteral nutrition.
Propoxyphene and norpropoxyphene tissue concentrations in fatalities associated with propoxyphene hydrochloride and propoxyphene napsylate.
[Morphological manifestations and morphogenesis of the graft vs. host reaction in the brain of F1 hybrids following the administration of parental lymphoid cells and its effect on tumor inoculation].
Metachromatic leukodystrophy. Ultrastructural and enzymatic study of a case of variant O form.
Changes in the acid base status of sheep anaesthetised with a combination of atropine sulphate acepromazine and ketamine hydrochloride.
Influence of some physical factors on survival of Marek''s disease vaccine virus.
Molecular nature of beta-galactosidase from different tissues in two strains of the house mouse.
The effects of acute and chronic nicotine hydrogen (+)-tartrate administration and subsequent withdrawal on rat liver tryptophan pyrrolase activity and their comparison with those of morphine, phenobarbitone and ethanol.
Plastid development in primary leaves of Phaseolus vulgaris. Development of plastid adenosine triphosphatase activity during greening.
Tricarboxylic acid-cycle and related enzymes in restricted facultative methylotrophs.
Desaturation of stearic acid by liver and adipose tissue from obese-hyperglycaemic mice (ob/ob).
The stimulation by synaptic transmitters of the incorporation of oleate into the phospholipid of synaptic membranes.
The interaction of magnesium ions with teichoic acid.
The mechanism of hydrolysis of beta-glycerophosphate by kidney alkaline phosphatase.
The pH-dependence and group modification of beta-lactamase I.
Oxidase-peroxidase enzymes of Datura innoxia. Oxidation of formylphenylacetic acid ethyl ester.
Purification of 2-oxoaldehyde dehydrogenase and its dependence on unusual amines.
Determination of polyadenylate-rich ribonucleic acid in the nucleus and in the cytoplasm of plasmacytoma cells.
The amino acid sequence of Neurospora NADP-specific glutamate dehydrogenase. The tryptic peptides.
